The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts. - Marcus Aurelius
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. - Marcus Aurelius
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. - Seneca
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. - Seneca
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. - Marcus Aurelius
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants. - Epictetus
If it is not right, do not do it; if it is not true, do not say it. - Marcus Aurelius
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. - Marcus Aurelius
He who fears death will never do anything worth of a man who is alive. - Seneca
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body. - Seneca
Associate with people who are likely to improve you. - Seneca
If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses, but answer: He was ignorant of my other faults. - Epictetus
No man is free who is not master of himself. - Epictetus
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury. - Marcus Aurelius
Man is not worried by real problems so much as by his imagined anxieties about real problems. - Epictetus
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. - Epictetus
External things are not the problem. It’s your assessment of them. Which you can erase right now. - Marcus Aurelius
A ship should not ride on a single anchor, nor life on a single hope. - Epictetus
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak. - Epictetus
Small-minded people blame others. Average people blame themselves. The wise see all blame as foolishness. - Epictetus
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself? - Epictetus
Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it. - Epictetus
If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid. - Epictetus
It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. - Epictetus
Cura ut valeas (Take care that you may be well). - Seneca
To be evenminded is the greatest virtue. - Heraclitus
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. - Marcus Aurelius
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking. - Marcus Aurelius
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts. - Marcus Aurelius
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. - Marcus Aurelius
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love. - Marcus Aurelius
Our life is what our thoughts make it. - Marcus Aurelius
The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane. - Marcus Aurelius
Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears. - Marcus Aurelius
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way. - Marcus Aurelius
Limit yourself to the present. - Marcus Aurelius
Is any man afraid of change? What then can take place without change? - Marcus Aurelius
The memory of everything is very soon overwhelmed in time. - Marcus Aurelius
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too. - Marcus Aurelius
To live a good life: We have the potential for it. If we can learn to be indifferent to what makes no difference. - Marcus Aurelius
Think of yourself as dead. You have lived your life. Now, take what's left and live it properly. - Marcus Aurelius
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are. - Marcus Aurelius
Life is short. Do not forget about the most important things in our life, living for other people and doing good for them. - Marcus Aurelius
Do every act of your life as though it were the very last act of your life. - Marcus Aurelius
Because a thing seems difficult for you, do not think it impossible for anyone else to accomplish. - Marcus Aurelius
Receive without conceit, release without struggle. - Marcus Aurelius
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight. - Marcus Aurelius
Self-control is strength. Right thought is mastery. Calmness is power. - James Allen (Stoic influenced)
A person's worth is measured by the worth of what he values. - Marcus Aurelius
Your days are numbered. Use them to throw open the windows of your soul to the sun. - Marcus Aurelius
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe. - Marcus Aurelius
The more we value things outside our control, the less control we have. - Epictetus
Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control. - Epictetus
You become what you give your attention to. - Epictetus
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. - Epictetus
Man is not affected by events, but by the view he takes of them. - Epictetus
Keep your attention focused entirely on what is truly your own concern, and be clear that what belongs to others is their business and none of yours. - Epictetus
True freedom is to live as you wish to live. - Epictetus
Only the educated are free. - Epictetus
Nature hath given men one tongue but two ears, that we may hear from others twice as much as we speak. - Epictetus
Control your passions lest they take vengeance on you. - Epictetus
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them. - Epictetus
No great thing is created suddenly. - Epictetus
Choose not to be harmed — and you won't feel harmed. Don't feel harmed — and you haven't been. - Marcus Aurelius
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life. - Seneca
He who is brave is free. - Seneca
If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable. - Seneca
While we wait for life, life passes. - Seneca
Life is long if you know how to use it. - Seneca
We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality. - Seneca
Hang on to your youthful enthusiasms — you’ll be able to use them better when you’re older. - Seneca
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness. - Seneca
True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future. - Seneca
All cruelty springs from weakness. - Seneca
Difficulty comes from our lack of confidence. - Seneca
As long as you live, keep learning how to live. - Seneca
Fire tests gold, adversity tests brave men. - Seneca
The sun also shines on the wicked. - Seneca
To be always fortunate, and to pass through life with a step of the mind that is never pained, is to be ignorant of one half of nature. - Seneca
A man who suffers before it is necessary, suffers more than is necessary. - Seneca
The greatest remedy for anger is delay. - Seneca
Fate leads the willing, and drags along the reluctant. - Seneca
You act like mortals in all that you fear, and like immortals in all that you desire. - Seneca
There is no genius without a touch of madness. - Seneca
Constant misfortune brings this one blessing: to whom it always assails, it eventually fortifies. - Seneca
Expectation is the greatest impediment to living. In anticipation of tomorrow, it loses today. - Seneca
The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately. - Seneca
A mind that is anxious about future events is miserable. - Seneca
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness. - Seneca
The bravest sight in the world is to see a great man struggling against adversity. - Seneca
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage. - Seneca
Life is like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters. - Seneca
Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart. - Seneca
If you really want to escape the things that harass you, what you’re needing is not to be in a different place but to be a different person. - Seneca
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable. - Seneca
He who has injured thee was either stronger or weaker than thee. If weaker, spare him; if stronger, spare thyself. - Seneca
The point is not how long you live, but how nobly you live. - Seneca
Silence is a lesson learned through many miseries of life. - Seneca
What progress have I made? I am beginning to be a friend to myself. - Seneca
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. - Marcus Aurelius
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts. - Marcus Aurelius
Your mind will take the shape of what you frequently hold in thought. - Marcus Aurelius
The world is nothing but change. Our life is only perception. - Marcus Aurelius
Accept the things to which fate binds you. - Marcus Aurelius
Nowhere can man find a quieter or more untroubled retreat than in his own soul. - Marcus Aurelius
Dig within. Within is the wellspring of Good. - Marcus Aurelius
To live each day as though one’s last, never flustered, never apathetic, never attitudinizing. - Marcus Aurelius
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy. - Marcus Aurelius
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig. - Marcus Aurelius
It is not events that disturb people, it is their judgements concerning them. - Epictetus
If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid. - Epictetus
Caretake this moment. Observe your duty. Drink your tea. - Epictetus
Small-minded people blame others. Average people blame themselves. The wise see all blame as foolishness. - Epictetus
Don’t hope that events will turn out the way you want, welcome events in whichever way they happen. - Epictetus
No person is free who is not master of themselves. - Epictetus
A ship should not ride on a single anchor, nor life on a single hope. - Epictetus
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak. - Epictetus
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has. - Epictetus
Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. - Epictetus
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. - Seneca
While we are postponing, life speeds by. - Seneca
Life is very short and anxious for those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear the future. - Seneca
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters. - Seneca
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness. - Seneca
The greatest remedy for anger is delay. - Seneca
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body. - Seneca
A man who suffers before it is necessary, suffers more than is necessary. - Seneca
If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable. - Seneca
To be always fortunate is to be ignorant of one half of nature. - Seneca
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. - Seneca
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life. - Seneca
They lose the day in expectation of the night, and the night in fear of the dawn. - Seneca
Associate with people who are likely to improve you. - Seneca
Humanity is the quality of the soul. - Seneca
He who is brave is free. - Seneca
All cruelty springs from weakness. - Seneca
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, who is poor. - Seneca
Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart. - Seneca
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end. - Seneca
The sun also shines on the wicked. - Seneca
Silence is a lesson learned through many miseries of life. - Seneca
The part of life we really live is small. For all the rest of existence is not life, but merely time. - Seneca
Whatever can happen at any time can happen today. - Seneca
The mind that is anxious about future events is miserable. - Seneca
The obstacle is the way. - Marcus Aurelius
Do not act as if you had ten thousand years to throw away. Death stands at your elbow. - Marcus Aurelius
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature’s delight. - Marcus Aurelius
Be like the cliff against which the waves continually break; but it stands firm and tames the fury of the water around it. - Marcus Aurelius
Because your own strength is unequal to the task, do not assume that it is beyond the powers of man. - Marcus Aurelius
The only wealth which you will keep forever is the wealth you have given away. - Marcus Aurelius
Think of the universal substance of which thou hast a very small portion. - Marcus Aurelius
How much time he gains who does not look to see what his neighbour says or does or thinks. - Marcus Aurelius
Confine yourself to the present. - Marcus Aurelius
That which is not good for the bee-hive cannot be good for the bee. - Marcus Aurelius
Adapt yourself to the things among which your lot has been cast. - Marcus Aurelius
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them. - Epictetus
Man is not worried by real problems so much as by his imagined anxieties about real problems. - Epictetus
Attach yourself to what is spiritually superior, regardless of what other people think or do. - Epictetus
Control your passions lest they take vengeance on you. - Epictetus
True instruction is this: learning to desire that things should happen the way they do happen. - Epictetus
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. - Epictetus
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants. - Epictetus
You become what you give your attention to. - Epictetus
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly. - Epictetus
Other people's views and troubles can be contagious. Don't sabotage yourself by unwittingly adopting negative attitudes. - Epictetus
Only the educated are free. - Epictetus
If you are hit by a critic, remember that he is only hitting his own idea of you. - Epictetus
To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education. - Epictetus
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens. - Epictetus
If you would be a reader, read; if a writer, write. - Epictetus
No man is free who is not master of himself. - Epictetus
A person's worth is measured by the worth of what he values. - Marcus Aurelius
Live out your life in truth and justice, tolerant of those who are neither true nor just. - Marcus Aurelius
The memory of everything is very soon overwhelmed in time. - Marcus Aurelius
Very little is needed to make a happy life. - Marcus Aurelius
Our life is what our thoughts make it. - Marcus Aurelius
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe. - Marcus Aurelius
The tranquility that comes when you stop caring what they say. Or think, or do. Only what you do. - Marcus Aurelius
To the wise, life is an opportunity; to the foolish, a burden. - Seneca
He who is everywhere is nowhere. - Seneca
You act like mortals in all that you fear, and like immortals in all that you desire. - Seneca
We are mad, not only individually, but nationally. We check manslaughter and isolated murders; but what of war and the much-vaunted crime of slaughtering whole peoples? - Seneca
God has a fatherly mind towards good men and loves them in a hardy fashion. - Seneca
Fire is the test of gold; adversity, of strong men. - Seneca
The greatest wealth is a poverty of desires. - Seneca
There is no enjoying the possession of anything valuable unless one has someone to share it with. - Seneca
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness. - Seneca
It is power of the mind to be unconquerable. - Seneca
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power. - Seneca
We are reaching the stage where we are offended by anything that is not a flat compliment. - Seneca
Regard a friend as loyal, and you will make him loyal. - Seneca
No man was ever wise by chance. - Seneca
If you live in harmony with nature you will never be poor; if you live according what people think, you will never be rich. - Seneca
Expectation is the greatest impediment to living. In anticipation of tomorrow, it loses today. - Seneca
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity. - Seneca
Life, if well lived, is long enough. - Seneca
What is the need of shedding tears over parts of life? The whole of it calls for weeping. - Seneca
Learning is the only thing the mind never exhausts, never fears, and never regrets. - Leonardo da Vinci (Stoic leanings)
Steel your mind. - Musonius Rufus
The person who practices virtue is the only one who is truly free. - Musonius Rufus
Won’t you be better off dying honorably than living in baseness? - Musonius Rufus
Choose to die well rather than to live badly. - Musonius Rufus
Zeno's goal: 'Life in agreement with nature.' - Zeno
Happiness is a good flow of life. - Zeno
We have two ears and one mouth, therefore we should listen twice as much as we speak. - Zeno
Better to trip with the feet than with the tongue. - Zeno
No evil is honorable: but death is honorable; therefore death is not evil. - Zeno
Steer your own ship. - Cleanthes
Fate leads the willing, but drags the unwilling. - Cleanthes